He he abused him Doudou
Guess what happened?
Brother Dragonfly
Auntie is full of nonsense
That Xiaoxue was right
He's obviously jealous of my daughter
Deliberately smear him
If you believe him
I got angry with him
This bad girl
A few years ago, he had an affair with a wild man
And shamelessly gave birth to a child for a wild man
Humph the door front
So I kicked him out of the river
A morally corrupt person like Jiang
He can't do every word of it.
Yeah, Jiangmai food.
You actually used the child to deal with Jiang Xue
So shameless
I'll call the bodyguard to break your leg
Wait?
I believe you can trust me
Your great man
I know better than anyone
Zhenting, you are going to be deceived by this woman
When is he here to smear your fiancee?
You're still helping him?
I didn't smear
I have proof.
If you can't prove it
I'll show you.
Show yourself.
Baby grandson
Why are you here?
This bad woman
Abuse me while my father is away
This is the evidence.